Loving Vincent

"You are a sunflower, destined to follow the sun for your entire life.", there I wrote when I was 9, a poem named Van Gogh. I learnt Van Gogh's Potato Eaters from my primary school textbook. Since them, I was fascinated with Van Gogh. At that time, I learnt that he painted to death and left tremendous paintings for later generations. He inspired me with his passion. 

Wanting to become a writer, I wrote diligently since I was in primary school. I even published a poem named Van Gogh on a young writer's magazine. Then as the pressure of life kicks in, I could not help deviating from my writer dream. I took on math and applied science majors in high school and college, and subsequently ended up working in finance for years. Where have all your passions gone? 

After I moved to Boston three years ago, I started taking drawing and painting classes as a pasttime hobby. I enjoyed it so much, in addition to praises and encouragements from friends and teacher. I carried on. 

One day, I was chatting with a coworker randomly about painting. I told her, I adore Van Gogh. She was very surprised. She said, how is that possible, he led such a pathetic life. At that moment, I was surprised and started to recognize maybe adoring Van Gogh is something special in me, as I grew up thought everybody should be like me, touched by Van Gogh, who led a passionate, inspiring and possibly unattainable life.

Two months ago, I went to Amsterdam and visited Van Gogh Museum. I studied Van Gogh from the closest distance ever, more than what I learnt about him from thousands of miles away and tens of years ago. He was more real than ever to me. Back in the time, he was among the most average people. He moved around among a couple non-painting-related jobs in early 20s. At the age of 28, he decided to go into painting. The closest ties he had to art industry is probably his uncle and his brother who worked in the art industry. Then he never stopped painting. He painted rain or shine, sane or insane, in netherlands or france, starving or not starving. Yes that is like the vow to one's spouse at a wedding. But Van Gogh's love for art is the last to be doubted. I read one of his letters later.

"I feel I’m losing the desire for marriage and children, and at times I’m quite melancholy to be like that at 35 when I ought to feel quite differently. And sometimes I blame this damned painting.

It was Richepin who said somewhere the love of art makes us lose real love

I find that terribly true, but on the other hand real love puts you right off art.

And sometimes I already feel old and broken, but still sufficiently in love to stop me being enthusiastic about painting.
To succeed you have to have ambition, and ambition seems absurd to me. I don’t know what will come of it. Most of all, I’d like to be less of a burden to you — and that’s not impossible from now on. Because I hope to make progress in such a way that you’ll be able to show what I’m doing, with confidence, without compromising yourself."

You are a sunflower, destined to follow the sun for your entire life.
[Loving Vincent](http://t2.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcSpbHkYWGDm8MMDvkwq0xvPV3sOOF_OR4XMMPJoDzAEnDtjG-9h)
