What makes me happy?
Have you cheated before, Ron asked?
I was surprised for a nano second and smiled knowing where this question is coming from. I said yes, when I was second year in senior high, there was once. Always being a great student obsessed with scores at that time, in one math exam, which is only a regular test, not even a mock for monthly exam or finals. I felt I did poorly after the test as I quickly figured out the problem afterwards. So, I timed when the teacher collected the papers after the test and few people around, I sneaked in the office of the teacher. I looked for my paper from the newly collected, quickly scratched my wrong answers and wrote down the correct ones. Then I thought the results turned out better, but the result really did not matter at all.
Ron cheated on his wife to be with me, only for those three months. I told him the story subconsciously to make him feel better. I slept with him too soon before I started to get to know him better.
That was not the first time.
When I was in New York City in 2013, a guy from work hit on me a lot. I did not like him that much but I was pressured to get screwed. Then one day that happened. He’s a decent guy with decent job, car, house and degrees. I started to care more about him than I could have predicted. My mindset went from using him for my very first sex experience to consider him as a potential formal date as I go on dinner date with him while he complaint on forgetting to use his business credit card to expense more.
Was I seduced by him? Was I pressured by other girls?
I was obsessed with sex and the city when I was in college 10 years ago. The carefree attitude towards sleeping with guys deeply impressed me while I was always interested in physical activities. But I never slept with my college boyfriend when we were together, long-distance or eventually living together for a while. I was saving it for marriage while we had a volatile and intense relationship. I was aiming for marriage with him as he is still the only guy that I brought with me to see my parents.
Since him, I became reckless in sex openness with other people. Having the regrets not having sex with him on and off my mind, I do not think about if intimate too soon is okay or not. I regard that as an exercise and start casually. History flows through my mind. I would be hitting on that guy or I do not reject being hit on by that guy. Then one day I decided that I was too bored to do other things, while I am alone in this country which I was determined to leave soon, I became physically very close to them. Then it happened. 
I thought I got things under control. I did not want to marry this guy but I simply want the intimacy. Soon, I got emotionally attached, invested more than I could imagine. Eventually I burst into tears, I cried after the separation not bad for healing, but any healing takes time, additional to time spent, possibly with the wrong people.
I was not serious with those people until I realized I was later in the time. Why would I be not serious? I knew that I would not stay and that I might leave this place tomorrow. I flew through the ocean for my first long-term boyfriend. I made an endeavor, huge in some people’s eye, without knowing it myself. I stopped making an endeavor for guys. Some guys are so good that I was afraid to give it a shot as I made excuse for myself.
I dreamt of all that all the way from first date to lifelong marriage. I lost that dream for years. Why would I? What makes me happy?
To make peace with myself, not repeating mistakes that I had in 20s, and make an endeavor to anything rewarding long-term is. 




